Docs: Kivy Style (#5425)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: docs/style.md

* Indent `case` inside `switch ` with 2 spaces.
* Use single quotes.
* Semicolons are required after every statement.

## KV

> * Style should be fully in the kivy files, not in python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Style should be defined in `.kv` as much as possible, only Python when unavailable.
```
We define at least one control where the major styling parameters can't be edited from kv (yet at least), so we should probably account for that.
